You want a software system to support your business. Textile trace is dedicated to the manual and customized manufacture of haute couture suits for men and women. Each suit is manufactured in response to a customer order, through a manual process involving several workers.
First, a consultant meets the customer, understands what they want and creates a new manufacturing order in the system, which has a serial number associated with it. If it is the client's first consultation, the consultant: takes the necessary measurements from the client (height, weight, distance between shoulders, chest circumference, abdominal circumference, distance between neck and thumb, neck measurement, pants length) and creates the customer in the system.
The manufacturing order information also includes the type of fabric, buttons, and notes on the desired finishes.
Then, a garment cutting specialist cuts individual pieces (sleeves, body, legs) from the chosen fabric and to the correct dimensions. This cutting activity, as well as all other possible activities (e.g.: consultation, sewing) for the production of this costume, is associated with the manufacturing order. An activity has information about the date, activity description, and observations, and is always associated with a manufacturing order.
Then, a tailor sews the various pieces together to assemble the coat, jacket and pants of the suit.
Between each consultation, a tailor performs the necessary sewing and corrections to bring the final product closer to the client's objectives and taste.
After a final consultation, where the client accepts the final product, the produced costume will be delivered to the client, along with the invoice to be paid.
Before starting a manufacturing order, a process planner defines the planned activities associated with the manufacturing order (e.g.: cutting parts, sewing, finishing, printing, knitting). During the execution of the manufacturing order, more activities, even unplanned ones, can be associated with this manufacturing order. 
